# Go-Gym-App
#### Video Demo:  <URL https://youtu.be/SUN7MozqqGs>
*This project was created as my final project for CS-50 Introduction to Computer Science (University of Harvard). Therefore, in compliance with the rules of the course, I won't upload the source code.*
#### Description: 
 **Introduction: Go Gym**  it's a web app that allows the user to plan a routine of exercises on weekly bases, that could be performed in a gym o at home depending on the equipment required for the exercises chosen. Also allows the user to create new exercises that may not be included in the databese. It's appearance is inspired on stick notes boards, so the user can drag and drop each exercise from the exercises column to the day of the week preferred. Finally, once the week routine it's created the user can print or download it.

 **Usage:** The user must register filling the registration form, once it's submitted the new user is created and a new id added to users table on the data base. Once the user is logged can access to the index page. The index page has 7 columns, 6 of them are the days of the week (from Monday to Saturday) and the left one is the exercises column where the exercises that are currently uploaded in the data base are displayed. The user can drag and drop the exercises from the exercises column to the day of the week preferred. The index page also has a print screen button that only prints the content of the days of the week column, avoiding the exercise column with the exercises that were not included in the routine. Also in the nav bar it's a link to a new template called "add exercise" that, as the name suggests, allows the user to add a new exercise permanently to the database. The icons and name of the app in the nav bar are also links, so if the user is not logged sends it to the login form and if it's already logged sends it to the index page.

 **Tests:** The imputs project were tested with in every form that is required, and displaying an especific appologie message for each posible invalid input. The password form uses hash's in order to protect sensible information provided.

 **Features and tecnologies:** This project was build with python, flask SQlite3, Java Script, HTML, CSS, bootstrap, favicon and memegen. The project it's made up of 5 html templates (layout, login, register, index, add_exercise and apology), app.py(app routes) helpers.py(login and apoplogy), flask session, static folder containing the style.css file and the images, icons and logo. The script is inside the index html template. Finally the data base is made of 2 tables (users and exercises).

  **Future improovements:** The idea is to continue adding features down the road. Some ideas could be the posibility to recive the routines via mail, whatsapp or sms. Create a "trainers session" that culd be the person that create different routines for especific users. Also a history table that stores all the previous routines of the user.
